Sounds like you had a lot of duties, a lot of
responsibilities. How were they? At Twethler?
Yeah. Oh. Well, I had essentially the same types of
forces under me that I'd been supervising
within my responsibility in Southeast Asia.
F-105, fighter bombers.
groups, special action forces, special service
forces, staff forces, troop carrier forces.
Essentially, well, tactical air command and
tactical air warfare are the same. My
responsibilities
were, I had the responsibility. I wasn't a deputy
or assistant. I had the responsibility. I was the
boss. And I told you geographic, area-wise, to
what extent. And my job, of course, was training
these horses and keeping them, keeping,
maintaining their training. Keeping them
supplied, maintained, and combat ready as
possible. And of course, continued to provide the
replacements in their various categories from
officers and airman skills over to Vietnam would
reject where I came from. So, you know, I had, I was
well qualified, exceedingly, terrifically well
qualified to take over my job. Sounds like it'd be a
much, I don't want to, well it sounds like a, an
easier or a smoother operation than in Vietnam. It
doesn't sound like in Thailand. It doesn't sound
like as many problems. Is that true? Well, oh,
considerably different from the standpoint of
pressure and the hectic and the, for instance, the
realization that I've got to be available right by
my command post 24 hours a day. And to a certain
extent, you know, I... Gee, the insurgent might
attack my base right now. That type of thing. Now,
from the standpoint of responsibility for the
morale of my people, the responsibility of seeing
if they're properly trained, I mean, properly
fed, properly the bases taken care of, the
aircraft properly supplied and maintained,
exactly the same.
Were there any main challenges that you had in
terms of the 12th? As a matter of fact, there
was no problem. As a matter of fact, I enjoyed it. It
was a relaxation to come back and go down there, of
course.
I think the biggest wasn't a challenge. to move my
headquarters down to Berksham Air Force Base in
Austin, Texas. And, of course, I continually and
closely supervised that, including the
construction and layout and planning of a brand
new building, if you will, a mini Pentagon
building, except this was an oval shaped
building, dictated to a great extent by the
President of the United States. Oh, really? I was
going to ask, why did you move from Waco to Austin?
Well, first of all, I'm sure that entered into it,
probably primarily, but see, we didn't have a base
as such at Waco. I just had a flight section out at
old James Connolly Air Force Base, which used to be
a training area.
permanent air force base. It's permanent. And
band
power-wise and expense-wise, it would cut
expenses to consolidate my headquarters on a
tactical basis, Berkson being primarily a
reconnaissance-equipped base, a
reconnaissance wing there, and get rid of the Wake
Oaks hood. It saved money, so it made sense.
But it was done, and it so happened that I laid out
all the plans and was prepared to actually move in
September when within a month's time I decided to
retire. Okay, now this might sound like a silly
question to someone who's not in the know about air
bases, but why didn't you go down to San Antonio and
move down there? Because they have such
facilities down there. Well, San Antonio was
overburdened at the bases with logistic
organizations, and there was no room for my
headquarters to be down there. And tactically, it
didn't make sense. It ought to be on one of my air
bases. And actually, economics-wise, the United
States, and politics-wise, San Antonio has got,
you might say, more than its share of military
population. LBJ came out to honor you. Tell me
about that. That was on one of his, you mean at
Bergstrom? Yeah. That was on one of his, the
presidential trips to his home where, you know,
he'd take vacations. Quite often, his ranch. And
he always landed at Bergstrom. But it so happened
that through the channels down through, and of
course the Air Force provided the American
administration all the time. Really, he provided
the crews for his number one.
But I was to receive an honor for being
one Air Force in the entire United States that had
sold the most bonds, had most bonds purchased by
airmen and officers from any Air Force in the
United States. Therefore, I was being awarded a
pennant called an E-Pennant or something. A flag.
I guess that's what you call it, yeah. And of course
it was quite an honor and I was going to accept it. So
arrangements were made way up above the top of me
when President Johnson come down, why not let's
have him present this flag to you and be, and I'm
sure he wanted to do it because, you know, give him a
chance to be amongst the military as well as the
citizens of Austin. He agreed with it, so that's
the reason it was done. And he personally, this was
all laid on, when he landed, I agreed with him
naturally. And then all this, the airfield was
flooded with the Austin civilians. Press corps.
Oh, absolutely. And then he, in fact, TV and radio,
and he presented me this flag. And then made a short
speech about how he was proud of the military and
also the city of Austin and so forth. Very well
received, and I consider it quite an honor. What
was your opinion of Johnson? I liked him. I liked
him. Even though you're a conservative, you told
me before. That's right. About three days ago. I
agree, but he... Why did you like him? I think he had
a sincere feeling for his fellow man. And he was
kind of an easy...
Maybe other people would call him a smoothie, but
I... He was easy talking. I met him once before and
greeted him in Thailand at this huge bomber base
down in southern Thailand, you know, when he came
over. And he was the same way, easy going, easy
talking. In other words, a typical good old fellow
with a Texas grow, if you will. I liked him. He was
just personable, all very, very. I know for a fact
that he could be a different man. I heard stories
where, boy, he just literally ate out
you-know-what of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for not
doing better in the war in Southeast Asia.
Couldn't understand why with all the equipment
that they had and so forth. Okay, now, during this
time, during 1968, of course, we had the Tet
Offensive in Vietnam on January 31, 1968. here at
the 12th Air Base. And by 1968, there were anti-war
protesters in the United States. And I was
wondering if you ever had any protests outside
your headquarters, or on the base, or had any
dealings with this whatsoever. No, I can't
remember ever having a problem at any of my bases
with protesters. Did you have any problems
whatsoever with any civilians? No. As a matter of
fact, every base, this is one thing I pushed, was
social relations with the communities where we
were based. And I always gave high priority to
this, and our base commanders easily understood
this. I don't remember ever any occasion where I
had a problem of that nature. And at Waco, It just
broke the hearts of those people when we had to
move. The mayor and the councilman and all that.
Let's change the topic now to advancement in the
military. We've touched a little bit on this
before. You said that you were an ambitious man in
the military, right? No more ambitious than the
average one. But I call myself ambitious, yeah.
Okay. Thinking back on the military career,
though, Did you leave advancement, promotion, to
fate or luck, or did you think that you had control
over your own advancement?
Oh, there's
no doubt that such a thing as luck Right, right.
There's no doubt there's such, maybe quite fate,
but there's no doubt that there's such thing as
that in our life. But I sure agree that every person
has a certain amount of control over what he can do.
I definitely agree with that. Is that primary or is
fate? Primary on what? Our fate. Which one's more
important? Oh, your... Don't depend on luck. On
accomplishments. Right. Okay. Do you think, what
about advancement as far as the military? We might
have talked about this a little or talked around it
a little. The military advancement, do you
advance the same way that somebody get ahead in the
military, get a command position in the military
the same way that you do in business or the
professional world? Are there differences? In my
opinion, I am glad you asked that. Because you've
been in both of them. Right. You've been in TI. I was
ten years at TI right after I got out of the Air
Force, retired. As a matter of fact, I even stood up
and told my bosses and the chairman of the
corporation right on down at TI, there ain't no
difference whatsoever. Some things are basic.
Some things are basic. And what were those basics
to you? Capability is one thing. Anybody
recognizes capability.
Number one, though, in my opinion, is integrity.
Integrity.
Can you trust a person? Is he reliable? Will he tell
you the truth? Will he tell you he's made a mistake?
Will he tell you that what I'm recommending to him,
that it's a bad idea? Will he be a yes man? Can I
depend on it? Is he reliable? Integrity, I'm
talking about. You know why. Absolutely. Which is
honesty. Right.
And I'm sure any military man and any civilian
corporate official. As a matter of fact, it so
happens that Fred Busey of Texas Institute, the
chairman, executive president of TI, puts this as
his number one requirement for an executive at TI.
Integrity? Yes, sir. And
obviously, capabilities. Can the man, is he
capable, is he competent? Okay, now, you've been
in both the business world at a high level and in the
military world at a high level. Do they think, do
people out in society think differently? In other
words, is there what some people have called a
military mentality? Have you heard that term,
military mentality? Oh, yeah, I've heard that.
Would you define it? Is there one? Well, I tell you
what I think civilians mean when they say you have a
military mentality. I think they mean that you're
regimented. You're regimented. You're told what
to do. You're used to being this. You're
disciplined to a rut, if you will. You have no
flexibilities. Now, you think, you don't think
flexibly, and this is absolutely nonsense. The
current officer, in my opinion, even more so now
than in my earlier days, he has to be equally as
capable as any manager of a corporation you can
think of. You compare my salary As the Air Force
commander of 12th Air Force commanding some
45,000 people with, let's say at the time I joined
Texas Instruments with
the president of TI at that time, Mark Sheppard,
who is now the chairman of the board with his salary
and about the same number of people, say, in 1968.
Maybe not that many, maybe 30,000 people. Compare
their salaries. Yeah, he probably made
fringe benefits and salary included. He probably
made
four times as much as I made in dollars.
You'll get the argument, yeah, but you don't have a
budget control over you. That's not true. That's
nonsense.
You don't have to perform efficiently as I do. I get
fired. Remember me telling you about the fear of
the way psych control people? Sure. I have fired
people. I have fired people under me. I was told by
TR... For being incompetent? Well, incompetent,
mainly, yeah. Not telling me truth.
Mainly not doing a job.
So we've covered that military mentality. You
don't believe there is one, sir? There used to be.
There used to be. Oh, how did this change? What do
you mean, there used to be? Oh... Before the war? I
remember when I joined the National Guard as a
private in 1932.
You
talk about a regimented man, yeah, but the quality
of the man then was not what it is now. Remember me
telling you about the Air Force establishment
system by which I got to go to college. We want our
officers with college degrees.
Look at the retirement of General Hay, who is now
the Secretary of State, a few months ago. Look at
the civilian job he had and was given. The chairman
of, what is it, United Technologies. And look at
the money he was immediately paid. As a matter of
fact, I remember in the later years of my military
career, some, I think it was Chief of Staff,
General McConnell or probably generals before
him, Chief of Staff, making speeches throughout
that And certainly taught at the Air Force
Academy, by the way, an
instancy had been 10, 12 years ago, 15 years ago,
that an officer nowadays had to be a manager, had to
be a diplomat, had to be a chaplain, had to be an
officer. You name it, he had to be all of them. Do you
think this has changed because of the tremendous
growth in the American armed services since the
Second World War and the increase in importance?
Right, and the integration into the way of life of
the modern power of the nature of the United
States. And armed force reflects, its people
reflects, the, if you will, the culture and status
and nature characteristics of its civilian
population. It reflects it directly. Okay. Now
let's shift to why you retired. Why did I retire?
This was really an emotional,
it was a problem of mixed emotion.
I've been in the service since, I've been in the
military, like I've told you in previous
discussions the last two or three days, since
1930, during the high school ROTC as a buck
private.
I've been in two wars.
I was content and happy with my progress or the
achievement of a historic general. I was still
ambitious. I had no doubt in my mind I could go on
higher. No doubt in my mind. A military, I mean.
Were you called out? No. By, oh, well, officers
told me, sure. In their disgust, yeah, it's
implied. But you know, you feel, you know, any guy
does, unless you kid yourself.
I knew that inevitably my next job had to be, had to
be, almost without a doubt, the Pentagon, which I
certainly did want. Or probably vice commander of
TAC, which did have been a promotion, probably
both of them went to promotion. And I'd been vice
commander of some jobs before, a number two man.
I could relax. Well, I never relaxed no matter what
job I had. Sure. So I'd been given some thought to
it. Say I was tired from war coming. Well, that's
not true. See, I had a year, I had time to relax here.
I had a 12th Air Force. I was a commander. Everybody
shoots for a job. I had an ideal job, and I was happy.
Didn't have any problems, no worries, except what
you have ordinarily, data. But I think the
Starbroke Camelback is a- They're eating out.
Okay. My wife just came in and I was going to talk
about it. Okay, well tell me this and then we'll
eat. The Starbroke Camelback is my wife got sick
and it was obvious she had to have a- Hysterectomy.
Hysterectomy.
It was, as I say, we didn't have an air base or any
military facility there, so... Medical
facility. Medical facility, so we had to go to a
local civilian doctor in Waco and a hospital,
well-equipped hospital, and the doctor took care
of her, and she was scheduled for surgery, and she
had a hysterectomy. Unfortunately, within about
24 hours, she had an abdominal block, intestinal
block, And I'm convinced today through sloppy
procedures. And she had to be rescheduled for
emergency operation again by another doctor. And
it was nip and tuck for a few hours. But
fortunately, she recovered and lived. But it was
some tense moments I went through. really made me
think and I just came to the conclusion that I
dragged my family and her all over the world. We
moved some 26 times in about 22 years.
I made up my mind I was going to retire and try to live
a restful life in retirement and enjoy it and try to
enjoy life with her. and still had two of my four
children living with us. So I made the decision,
decided to write a letter. And I remember General
McCollum was still chief of staff at that time.
General Diss's way, I told him about it, he was
absolutely caught completely off guard. And
Diss, he said, Charlie, you don't mean it. He was
surprised. He didn't expect it whatsoever,
because he was doing a fine job under him. And he
said, well, you have to tell General McCollum to
write a letter so I can get it. What you want to do? I
told him the whole story. And knowing him now. You
told him this his way the whole story? Oh, yeah. And
the trick man. He knew. He understood. Matter of
fact, he retired. So happy he retired the day after
I did. But I wrote a letter to General McConnell and
to his deputy chief of staff personnel,
Lieutenant General, I can't remember his name by
now, whom I know very well. He called me on the
telephone and said, John Charles, you've caught
General McConaughey. General McConaughey, I'm
mad at you. I said, well, I, this was one of the
things I was worried about, but I said, I,
sincerely, I assure you I wouldn't do it unless I
thought it was the proper thing to do. I know
General McCollum gave me this job, and I
appreciate it all, and I just hope you can explain
it to him, and I'd be more than happy to come up and
sit down and try to question him. He said, no. He
said, if you want to, he told me, he said, if you want
to, go ahead and retire. He said, he'll prove it. So
it was laid on, and I retired August 1, 1968.
I cried.
Was it a nice ceremony, and did they have a big
review for you? Oh, yeah. Matter of fact, general
discipline came down. No kidding? Yeah. And then
he went out for his own retirement the next day? And
I got on the airplane to Flying Bay and left his
retirement. Oh, you did? Yeah. And then didn't you
tell me that the next day after that you started at
Texas Instruments? Officially, I was put on the
payroll at TI the next day. Mm-hmm. That is not the
primary reason I retired. Oh, no. I didn't infer
that. I'm just saying that you had things to look
forward to. As a matter of fact, that's one of the
things I was looking forward to, realizing the
capability of the TI, seeing what they had done. I
had to basically go up there and did promote the
development of technology at TI, and they've done
wonders. What was your title at TI? We're not going
to get into it.
They didn't know for a while. Matter of fact, I
found out after about six months they were going to
make me administrator of a special, no,
administrator of a weapons system group. But it
turned out I was a marketing specialist.
I forget actually what the title would be, but it
was primarily Marketing for the equipment
group, which is oriented primarily to the
military, R&D and development of military
equipment. Sure. OK, let's stop.
Could you define leadership for me? No easy
things. Just like that, huh?
Define leadership.
I guess if you tried to define it in a classical
sense in the term of a dictionary, I'd say
probably the best way to define it is
The ability to get people to do what you want
them to. But this needs further explanation.
Many times, though, I've been asked this
question. I ought to be able to tell you right now,
but you know you always think about it. And I'll
probably get around to ask a lot of rambling
moments and what I've always said. That's funny.
I usually try to think of it in terms of the people
I've been under and who are the most effective ones
from the standpoint of getting me to do what they
want me to do, that they wanted me to do for them. All
the leaders I've told you that I wonder, you know,
where his thinking is. In other words, the guys I
hated, the guys I loved. Okay, the guys I loved
probably had more leadership than the guys I
hated. You know, that type of thing. So my
reasoning process and analysis to answer your
question. I think the main ingredient in
leadership
is a natural
characteristic of a person to get along with
people, generally speaking, to get along with
people. And to me, this means he knows how to handle
people. If he can handle a truculent type of a
maverick
and get him to do well under him, then he knows how to
handle people. If he can get a gold brick to perform
under him, then he knows how to handle people. The
ability to handle people. And rapidly, right
underneath that, maybe that's not a number one
thing, and maybe I'm not looking at priorities
right now. Let's talk about that. Sure, we're just
talking about characteristics. But readily, the
next thing that comes to me, just what I was telling
you about a while ago, is integrity. Integrity of a
man. This goes as well
up. respect for your boss or consideration for
your subordinate down. If your subordinate
respects you and knows you're telling them that
you're honest and respects your integrity and
knows you've got integrity, he's going to respect
you. To me, integrity again. Integrity is so basic
in everything.
And the third element, I would say, a very
important factor is
your capability and competence in the area of
which you are a commander. In other words, can you
do what you expect your people to do? And here
again, as I go back to old General LeMay, he flew
combat in B-17. In the roughest time, as a leader,
he was a leader.
People knew he knew what he was talking about. He'd
been there. That's right. You've been there. You
know what you're talking about. Don't tell me you
can't do it, son. I've done it. Do it.
Not necessarily in that tone of voice, but it's
that expectancy, both on the part of your
subordinate and on the part of your commander. You
expect a man to do it. But see, that includes
integrity also. You trust and respect and rely on
him to do it. But he knows that you can do it, and this
gives credence to the belief of the subordinate
that this man, my commander, wouldn't tell me to do
this unless he knew that I could do it, unless he
knew that it could be done because he's done it. And
this readily leads into the next one, which I'd say
is motivation. If you can motivate, the
capability to motivate, inspire, which is
essentially the same thing. Sure. You can
motivate a man. T.I. was great in the business
world of using the word motivation. You know, it's
how you entertain and inspire. I think in the
military... You could use the word motivation,
but inspiring a man under you to do it. I think it's
an even more meaningful word.
We're inspired by heroes. People have done
things. You motivate for it, but you're inspired
by a hero. You could be motivated by a ruthless,
mean individual. You know you better do it because
you're scared to death. You could be motivated by a
very meek,
incompetent officer begging you practically,
gee, I can't do this. Look, you've got to get this
done for me. I'm going to be in trouble. You've got
to get it done. You can be, you know, subordinate,
might be motivated that way. But it's neither one
of these I'm talking about. I'm talking about a
sincere, just an inherent in the situation, an
inherent capability of the commander, the
leader, that he motivates people. He motivates
them by his appearance, by his personality, by his
manner of speaking, his experience, what he's
been through. Maybe the ribbon's on his chest.
Maybe he doesn't even have a tunic on, but his
personality is such. He inspires belief in him.
It's effect on people. Sure. Motivation. These
are all different types of, in other words, we're
defining leadership by the type of values that a
leader should have. Well, that's right. Because
that's the other question I'd like to ask the
generals. And you've talked about being
competent. having integrity, being respectful
of others, being able to handle people, being able
to motivate. I mean, these are sort of values.
These are values, I say, that make for leadership.
That's what I'm trying to find leadership in. What
are the characteristics of good leadership? OK.
Personally, what type of these values did you
have? I tried to have them all. You know,
everybody, you, know your weaknesses and
strengths better than anybody else in the world,
whether you admit them or not. I've often told my
kid, be honest with yourself, recognize your
strengths and weaknesses. That really brings up
probably a fifth or sixth one I can pass on to you
right now, what I think of leadership. And I give
credit to Eisenhower for not teaching me this, but
learning it from reading about him and
experiences about him. I think one of his greatest
characteristics and traits that had been said of
him, and I agree, and look at the job he did, and you
talk about my job as different bosses and
different types I had to deal with. Look at his
ability to pick people under him to do a job.
You're feeling about a person. I want that man.
You're readily, an immediate assessment of a
person. I want this type of person under me. Your
recognition, immediately, of the capability of
the person. You know a good man when you see him. I
think this is one of Eisenhower's greatest
capabilities. He knew how to pick the right type of
person. Therefore, he eliminated a lot of his
problems. Okay, that's one of his great
characteristics as a leader. Another one about
Eisenhower, and there's no doubt about this, is
that he was a conciliator. He had the ability to
work with people with very large egos, like
Churchill, and Roosevelt, and Monty Montgomery,
and Patton, and get them all to work for a common
goal. Right. And it surprises me, sir, that you
haven't brought this out about yourself, because
in almost every position that you had from Italy
all the way to Thailand, you were working with some
pretty egotistical, Pretty high-powered
people, and you were trying to keep them to work
together. Don't you think that's part of
leadership? Well, I mentioned you're a
conciliator. Well, yeah, you could. Is this not
covered by ability to handle people? Sure. You
know, can you handle your boss? Sure you can. You
don't speak of it in that term, but you can handle
your boss. And you put it in other words, and it's a
better understanding of what I'm trying to say. I
agree with you. And conciliatory has the...
You're a compromiser. I mean, you compromise
people. To me, that's a better word. Conciliatory
has the connotation of... Appeasement. You're
stepping down. I'm not talking about that. No, no.
Compromise, I guess, is involved. It's involved
in conciliation. Obviously it is. You manage two
different... You were... I don't want to put words
in your mouth, but it seems like when you were
working between the Ambassador in Laos and
Westmoreland, here you are as you're trying to get
people to work in a common direction.
Manage differences for a common goal, or
consolidate differences for a common goal.
Influencing people to do what you know has to be
done. And furthermore, getting it done with a
little fuss and What about the use of punishment in
the military? Certainly, especially enlisted
men get into problems. Many of these people,
young, relatively uneducated, away from home for
the very first time sitting on an air base in
Thailand, something like that, get out of hand,
get a little rowdy. It's only natural for anybody
who's 19. What were your ideas on punishing these
people, maintaining discipline? Well, you've
always got to, it's not only military, but life.
You've got to have punishment, and we probably
always will. Everybody isn't perfect. There's
always going to be those, and you've got to have a
means. That is understood, generally, also. The
more it's understood and known, the better, more
effective it'll be. If you do certain things,
you're going to be punished. Now, the level of
punishment, this is, boy, what a controversial
thing. The more universal and uniform you can have
rules of punishment, by far, the better they are.
You've read today, it may... Less arbitrary.
Well, yes, but... Look how the rules vary
throughout the United States and civil courts,
between judges. You read of it every day. And this
is,
you must strive to make it universally
applicable, where if some new man comes to your
outfit, and let's say he either intentionally or
unintentionally does something, he knows what
the consequence is going to be. It's going to be the
same. is where he came from, or else he'd be
completely the other side of the world.
Therefore, a certain amount of punishment must be
set out in rules and regulations. It's got to be so
that they can be better distributed and
understood. But the main thing about punishment,
in my opinion, is it's got to be equitable and it's
got to be as expeditiously applied as possible.
The longer you wait, the less effective it is, and
the harder it is to apply. It's got to be immediate,
as immediate as possible. Now, if you were going to
Texas A&M, and you were asked by the Commandant of
the Corps to come and give a talk to these 18-, 19-,
20-year-old corpsmen about how to become a
leader,
what would you say? I would think I'd probably
outline in general, just like I've been talking to
you, and then go back and expand on each one of the
points and point out examples, and then summarize
and recap again. And then point out people like
Eisenhower and LeMay that were exemplary of these
particular characteristics of leadership. In
other words, try to improve on the values that
you've already discussed. Right. I guess that's
your...
I guess the way I'm defining leadership for you is
I've given you characteristics of a leader. In
other words, these values. Sure. And who knows to
say which one is number one and number two and three
and four? I don't know. It depends on the
particular circumstance where one might be more
valuable. Sure. I tell you one that it's probably a
little bit of a combination of the ones we've
already mentioned in general, but you have an
individual under you. Naturally, all of us have
weaknesses and strengths. But you've got an
individual you've got to use. And here again, it's
like I went back to, it's partly this capability.
Eisenhower, I think, had picked out the type of
person he wanted to give the job. I dare say he had a
certain job for that man that he wanted him to do
when he picked him out, maybe a staff man or a
commander. But to know as much as possible or at
least have the capability to recognize by some
means quickly the strengths and weaknesses of a
man and to put him in a place where you use his
strengths and his weaknesses, never have a chance
to come to the surface and appear. If he's a cook,
use him as a cook. If he's a mechanic, use him as a
mechanic. If he's poor at budgeting and
financing, don't put him in a finance area,
accounting area, that type of thing. In other
words, find out the skills of your men and then use
them appropriately. I think this goes without
saying, but sometimes we don't do it. And
sometimes in the... bureaucracy of large
organizations, you've often heard, geez, they
trained me to do this, and look where they sent me.
Now, I can understand. I've been to business with
45,000 people under me. I can understand how this
gets lost in the cracks. But generally speaking,
the more a leader permits this to occur under his
command, I think, well, the more he's asking for
trouble. The more trouble he has, the poorer
leader he is. a real leader, a real leader is not
going to have a great deal of problems,
particularly from the standpoint of morale and
his outfit. And when he does, he has picked the
proper people under him who he can delegate the
responsibility to correct that problem.
Therefore, he still has, a real leader can deal
from red flags, always concentrating on where the
problems are. He doesn't have to worry about the
everyday thing. Sure. Just concentrate where the
problems are. Sure. Okay, now, let's change the
topic to A&M and the changes that have gone on at A&M
in the last generation. From 1960 when we had 6,000
or 5,000 students to today when we have 34,000.
There have been a number of changes, not just
growth and development from a college to a
university, but a number of these things brought
about in the 1960s. Women going to A&M for the first
time, blacks going to A&M, the end of the mandatory
core. And I'd like your opinion about these things
and how they've changed A&M. First, let's start,
though, by asking you, did you know General Earl
Rutter? Who? Earl Rutter. Not personally. The
president. I've just heard of him. Okay. What do
you think about these changes? Let's start with
ending what he did early in the 60s, ending the
mandatory core and making it no longer...